[VSEE-998] App-scanning 1.6 docs (#2597)
pivotal/docs-tap: scst-scan/install-app-scanning.hbs.md

# <a id="installing"></a> Installing SCST - Scan 2.0 in a cluster

> The following sections describe how to install SCST - Scan 2.0.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The following sections describe how to install SCST - Scan 2.0.  Since SCST-Scan 2.0 is in beta, it is not currently installed with any profiles and must be installed following these directions.  
```

## <a id='scst-app-scanning-prereqs'></a> Prerequisites

SCST - Scan 2.0 requires the following prerequisites:

- Complete all prerequisites to install Tanzu Application Platform. For more information, see [Prerequisites](../prerequisites.hbs.md).

> - Install the [Tekton component](../tekton/install-tekton.hbs.md). Tekton is in the Full and Build profiles of Tanzu Application Platform.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Install the [Tekton component](../tekton/install-tekton.hbs.md). Tekton will already be installed if you installed TAP via a profile based installation in both the Full and Build Profiles.
```
